Update integration resource docs for version tags (#277)
cloudamqp/terraform-provider-cloudamqp: docs/resources/integration_log.md

* `access_key_id`     - (Optional/Sensitive) AWS access key identifier.
* `secret_access_key` - (Optional/Sensitive) AWS secret access key.
* `api_key`           - (Optional/Sensitive) The API key.

> * `tags`              - (Optional) Tags. e.g. `env=prod,region=europe,version=v1.0`. The "v" prefix is required for version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags`              - (Optional) Tags. e.g. `env=prod,region=europe`. 

 ***Note: If tags are used with Datadog. The value part (prod, europe, ...) must start with a letter, read more about tags format in the [Datadog documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/#define-tags)***
```
Would rather say that it's not a requirement for version per se. Rather when using Datadog and for each value part in the key-value pair. Similar for metrics integrations.
